Update README.md (#773)
pipecat-ai/pipecat: examples/patient-intake/README.md

docker build -t chatbot .
docker run --env-file .env -p 7860:7860 chatbot
```
## Cartesia best practices

> Since this example is using cartesia checkout best practices given in cartesia page.LLM prompts should be modified accordingly.

Reviewer: Thanks! Just a few nits.

```suggestion
Since this example is using Cartesia, checkout the best practices given in Cartesia's docs. LLM prompts should be modified accordingly.
```
